Updating references information in how to apply and blogs copy (#2760)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/blog/getting-ready-to-apply.md

> 

Reviewer: Are we updating this blog post date to be 7 September 2022 (why wouldn't we?)

If so, we need to change line 38 re application start date
ie "Applications for teacher training courses starting in 2023 open on 11 October"

> 

Reviewer: double full-stop in the Find link in row 68 above

## 5. Reflect on (or get some) school experience

> Demonstrating how any voluntary time you have spent in school has shaped your view of teaching is vital to a good application. If you haven’t managed to get some time in a school yet, some schools are offering the opportunity for candidates to undertake school experience both in school and virtually. You can search for schools and [apply for school experience](https://schoolexperience.education.gov.uk/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Demonstrating how any voluntary time you have spent in school has shaped your view of teaching is vital to a good application. If you haven’t managed to get some time in a school yet, some schools offer the opportunity for candidates to undertake school experience both in school and virtually. You can search for schools and [apply for school experience](https://schoolexperience.education.gov.uk/).
```

> Demonstrating how any voluntary time you have spent in school has shaped your view of teaching is vital to a good application. If you haven’t managed to get some time in a school yet, some schools are offering the opportunity for candidates to undertake school experience both in school and virtually. You can search for schools and [apply for school experience](https://schoolexperience.education.gov.uk/).

Reviewer: I appreciate that you've taken out the service name :-)

however, does this sentence quite make sense now? Should the link also contain "search for schools" or the sentence reworded slightly?

## 7. Get some advice at an event

Our Train to Teach events will provide you with a wealth of information and help you turn questions to confidence on your journey to the classroom. At some of our Train to Teach events you can meet a whole range of local training providers; at others you’ll have the chance to put your questions to a panel of experts. Some events are in person and others replicate the experience online. [Book your place at a Train to Teach event](/events/about-train-to-teach-events).

## 8.  Join our support networks

Our Facebook groups for [aspiring teachers](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1357146377672255/) and people thinking of a [career change to teaching](https://www.facebook.com/groups/CareerChangetoTeaching/) offer a really friendly, supportive place to connect with other people applying for teacher training and ask any questions you might have. Our Teacher Training Advisers are also on hand to give expert advice.

## 9. Follow us on social media

Follow us on your preferred platform or platforms for the up-to-date guidance and tips along with inspiring stories from the world of teaching.

> [Find us on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/getintoteaching).

Reviewer: this might be better as a bulleted list for accessibility purposes?

## 6. Start lining up your references

> You’ll need a couple of references for your application. Your references will confirm to providers that you're a good fit for teaching.

Reviewer: As I understand it, you don't need references "for your application"? Does this need wording slightly differently?

> When you apply, you'll need to submit your referees' details. If the training provider offers you a place and you accept, they'll contact your referees to find out more about you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you apply, you'll need to include details of your referees. If the training provider offers you a place and you accept, they'll contact your referees to find out more about you.
```
Does this make it read easier - submit sounds a little odd/separate? But happy for you to disagree :-)

> When you apply, you'll need to submit your referees' details. If the training provider offers you a place and you accept, they'll contact your referees to find out more about you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you apply, you'll need to submit your referees' details. If a training provider offers you a place and you accept, they'll contact your referees to find out more about you.
```

Is it more accurate to say 'a training provider' rather than 'the', given that an application goes to up to three providers?
